README.md, before:

# Dogecoin [DOGE, Ð] Integration/Staging Tree
http://dogecoin.com/

![DogeCoin](http://static.tumblr.com/ppdj5y9/Ae9mxmxtp/300coin.png)

## What is DogeCoin? - Such coin
Dogecoin is like Bitcoin, but based on Litecoin, and also much more wow.
http://dogecoin.com/

## License - Much license
DogeCoin is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING)
for more information or see http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

## Development and contributions - omg developers
Developers work in their own trees, then submit pull requests when they think
their feature or bug fix is ready.

## Very Much Frequently Asked Questions

### How much doge can exist?
Early 2015 (approximately a year and a half after release) there will be approximately 100,000,000,000 coins.
Each subsequent block will grant 10,000 coins to encourage miners to continue to secure the network and make up for lost wallets on hard drives/phones/lost encryption passwords/etc.
For the block schedule, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dogecoin#Block_schedule

### How get doge?
Scrypt Proof of Work

1 Minute Block Targets, 4 Hour Diff Readjustments

Special reward system: Random block rewards

1-100,000: 0-1,000,000 Dogecoin Reward

100,001 — 200,000: 0-500,000 Dogecoin Reward

200,001 — 300,000: 0-250,000 Dogecoin Reward

300,001 — 400,000: 0-125,000 Dogecoin Reward

400,001 — 500,000: 0-62,500 Dogecoin Reward

500,001 - 600,000: 0-31,250 Dogecoin Reward

600,000+ — 10,000 Reward (flat)

### Wow plz make dogecoind

    sudo apt-get install build-essential \
                         libssl-dev \
                         libdb5.1++-dev \
                         libboost-all-dev \
                         libqrencode-dev \
                         libminiupnpc-dev

    cd src/
    make -f makefile.unix USE_UPNP=1 USE_IPV6=1 USE_QRCODE=1

### Very QT

    sudo apt-get install libssl-dev \
                         libdb-dev \
                         libdb++-dev \
                         libqrencode-dev \
                         qt4-qmake \
                         libqtgui4 \
                         libqt4-dev \
                         build-essential \
                         libssl-dev \
                         libdb5.1++-dev \
                         libboost-all-dev \
                         libqrencode-dev \
                         libminiupnpc-dev
    qmake
    make

### Such ports
RPC 22555
P2P 22556

![](http://dogesay.com/wow//////such/coin)

Commit message:

Added more info on how to build

README.md, after:

# Dogecoin [DOGE, Ð] Integration/Staging Tree
http://dogecoin.com/

![DogeCoin](http://static.tumblr.com/ppdj5y9/Ae9mxmxtp/300coin.png)

## What is DogeCoin? - Such coin
Dogecoin is like Bitcoin, but based on Litecoin, and also much more wow.
http://dogecoin.com/

## License - Much license
DogeCoin is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING)
for more information or see http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

## Development and contributions - omg developers
Developers work in their own trees, then submit pull requests when they think
their feature or bug fix is ready.

## Very Much Frequently Asked Questions

### How much doge can exist?
Early 2015 (approximately a year and a half after release) there will be approximately 100,000,000,000 coins.
Each subsequent block will grant 10,000 coins to encourage miners to continue to secure the network and make up for lost wallets on hard drives/phones/lost encryption passwords/etc.
For the block schedule, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dogecoin#Block_schedule

### How get doge?
Scrypt Proof of Work

1 Minute Block Targets, 4 Hour Diff Readjustments

Special reward system: Random block rewards

1-100,000: 0-1,000,000 Dogecoin Reward

100,001 — 200,000: 0-500,000 Dogecoin Reward

200,001 — 300,000: 0-250,000 Dogecoin Reward

300,001 — 400,000: 0-125,000 Dogecoin Reward

400,001 — 500,000: 0-62,500 Dogecoin Reward

500,001 - 600,000: 0-31,250 Dogecoin Reward

600,000+ — 10,000 Reward (flat)

### Wow plz make dogecoind

    sudo apt-get install build-essential \
                         libssl-dev \
                         libdb5.1++-dev \
                         libboost-all-dev \
                         libqrencode-dev \
                         libminiupnpc-dev

    git clone https://github.com/dogecoin/dogecoin
    cd dogecoin/src/
    make -f makefile.unix USE_UPNP=1 USE_IPV6=1 USE_QRCODE=1

### Much cute plz build Qt client

    sudo apt-get install libssl-dev \
                         libdb-dev \
                         libdb++-dev \
                         libqrencode-dev \
                         qt4-qmake \
                         libqtgui4 \
                         libqt4-dev \
                         build-essential \
                         libssl-dev \
                         libdb5.1++-dev \
                         libboost-all-dev \
                         libqrencode-dev \
                         libminiupnpc-dev

    git clone https://github.com/dogecoin/dogecoin
    cd dogecoin
    qmake
    make

wow. That was easy. Need to update so that you can still go to the moon?

    git pull
    qmake
    make

### Such ports
RPC 22555
P2P 22556

![](http://dogesay.com/wow//to the moon////such/coin)
