contrib/devtools/README.md, before:

Contents
===========
This directory contains tools for developers working on this repository.

github-merge.sh
----------------

A small script to automate merging pull-requests securely and sign them with GPG.

For example:

  ./github-merge.sh bitcoin/bitcoin 3077

(in any git repository) will help you merge pull request #3077 for the
bitcoin/bitcoin repository.

What it does:
* Fetch master and the pull request.
* Locally construct a merge commit.
* Show the diff that merge results in.
* Ask you to verify the resulting source tree (so you can do a make
check or whatever).
* Ask you whether to GPG sign the merge commit.
* Ask you whether to push the result upstream.

This means that there are no potential race conditions (where a
pullreq gets updated while you're reviewing it, but before you click
merge), and when using GPG signatures, that even a compromised github
couldn't mess with the sources.

Setup
---------
Configuring the github-merge tool for the bitcoin repository is done in the following way:

    git config githubmerge.repository bitcoin/bitcoin
    git config githubmerge.testcmd "make -j4 check" (adapt to whatever you want to use for testing)
    git config --global user.signingkey mykeyid (if you want to GPG sign)

## fix-copyright-headers.py

Every year newly updated files need to have its copyright headers updated to reflect the current year.
If you run this script from src/ it will automatically update the year on the copyright header for all
.cpp and .h files if these have a git commit from the current year.

For example a file changed in 2014 (with 2014 being the current year):
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2013 The Bitcoin developers```

would be changed to:
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2014 The Bitcoin developers```

Commit message:

devtools: add script to check symbols from Linux gitian executables
Add a script to check that the (Linux) executables produced by gitian
only contain allowed gcc, glibc and libstdc++ version symbols.  This
makes sure they are still compatible with the minimum supported Linux
distribution versions.

contrib/devtools/README.md, after:

Contents
===========
This directory contains tools for developers working on this repository.

github-merge.sh
==================

A small script to automate merging pull-requests securely and sign them with GPG.

For example:

  ./github-merge.sh bitcoin/bitcoin 3077

(in any git repository) will help you merge pull request #3077 for the
bitcoin/bitcoin repository.

What it does:
* Fetch master and the pull request.
* Locally construct a merge commit.
* Show the diff that merge results in.
* Ask you to verify the resulting source tree (so you can do a make
check or whatever).
* Ask you whether to GPG sign the merge commit.
* Ask you whether to push the result upstream.

This means that there are no potential race conditions (where a
pullreq gets updated while you're reviewing it, but before you click
merge), and when using GPG signatures, that even a compromised github
couldn't mess with the sources.

Setup
---------
Configuring the github-merge tool for the bitcoin repository is done in the following way:

    git config githubmerge.repository bitcoin/bitcoin
    git config githubmerge.testcmd "make -j4 check" (adapt to whatever you want to use for testing)
    git config --global user.signingkey mykeyid (if you want to GPG sign)

fix-copyright-headers.py
===========================

Every year newly updated files need to have its copyright headers updated to reflect the current year.
If you run this script from src/ it will automatically update the year on the copyright header for all
.cpp and .h files if these have a git commit from the current year.

For example a file changed in 2014 (with 2014 being the current year):
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2013 The Bitcoin developers```

would be changed to:
```// Copyright (c) 2009-2014 The Bitcoin developers```

symbol-check.py
==================

A script to check that the (Linux) executables produced by gitian only contain
allowed gcc, glibc and libstdc++ version symbols.  This makes sure they are
still compatible with the minimum supported Linux distribution versions.

Example usage after a gitian build:

    find ../gitian-builder/build -type f -executable | xargs python contrib/devtools/symbol-check.py 

If only supported symbols are used the return value will be 0 and the output will be empty.

If there are 'unsupported' symbols, the return value will be 1 a list like this will be printed:

    .../64/test_bitcoin: symbol memcpy from unsupported version GLIBC_2.14
    .../64/test_bitcoin: symbol __fdelt_chk from unsupported version GLIBC_2.15
    .../64/test_bitcoin: symbol std::out_of_range::~out_of_range() from unsupported version GLIBCXX_3.4.15
    .../64/test_bitcoin: symbol _ZNSt8__detail15_List_nod from unsupported version GLIBCXX_3.4.15
